a two BR ox I seven here with the budget
builder for April 2012 it's frog monarch
a lot of people have been on my channel
subscribe to me for a long time know
that I always end up reverting back to
this deck because I think it's really
really good and I'm really comfortable
with it and I think it's a good deck
overall it's really good medical right
now and yeah i'm just gonna show you the
guys the deck profile so start off with
the true be monsters double light and
darkness dragon I don't wanna play three
because I felt I could be overkill in a
dead drop sometimes especially when you
can't have two tributes but other than
that the two is really good i was on the
verge of playing three but i took one
out anyways but um it's like our loggia
because you just summon it and if
they're in a bad spot like the only have
four cards then it's pretty much again
for their because when it dies you're
gonna get something back and against
heroes it's like a plus for it's not
that great against dragons but it's
still like ultimately the boss monster
card it is the boss of the deck triple
Caius the main monarch um just really
good burn for thousands sometimes if you
hit a dark like staying in a triple
ryzza this is the other monarchy around
you only 16 monarchs three ties to be
riser because other marks like a Mobius
and Thessalus and other monarchs like
that you're just not doing enough this
format cuz blowing back row really
doesn't change the game cuz if a deck
russia's marks then they're gonna leave
because they just don't have enough to
get rid of it all so you just play the
main monarchs and this is really good
for the swamp frog you can create some
sort of rise a lot where you can keep
sending your opponent back a turn and if
they don't have that and out to that
well lock in about two times then it's
pretty much game from there to take a
lot of damage i play one dark dust
spirit this was really good because um
it just blows their whole field if
they're like exploding it's an out to
those huge fields you don't play too
because it comes back to hand and then
you'll draw a second one it will just
kind of sit there what was really cool
about him is if you're afraid of warning
or they have a
the on-field you tribute and set them
because then it can't get negated and
then when they attack its effect would
go off because justice flipped face-up
and that's really cool about this cars
really good way to play I'm certain
decks I tech to quick draw kuchar's
really good because with the treeborne
it makes drill warrior and it lets you
recycle your monarchs and your darkest
period because stark just can't be
special but can be added to hand again
and it also lets you start a lad loop
which is super amazing because if you
get the lad look going and it works you
pretty much have game from there um and
also play one dandy the reason I decide
to play Danny is because it was so good
for quick draws but I wouldn't have run
it if you didn't already have some
synergy of the deck being able to make a
lad or sack for a monarch now to the
best party engine my a live builds kind
of weird prism I run nine frogs instead
of the normal like five or six I play
triple swamp best card in the deck it
has so many good effects like of course
it dumps treeborn the main purpose of it
to get your monarchs going and but even
better it's a cost to return backs with
a bailar or faintest chain it can still
return back to your hand and pretty much
you can rise a lot of our return back to
hand you can sell in this one lad still
has negates and bounce why I back to
handy use it again later and also to
level two so you can make da cheese with
this really easy and it's with this and
a rung toten you can make the crotchety
lad play play double do um this is
really good because it searches the swap
frog you need to get swapped broke your
hands that's impossible I do this
because they ask consistency to the deck
because you really need the swath wrong
and it's 2k defense only thing that can
be attacked level 24 gotcha and I'll let
you abused Roni choten so I try to put
as much targets with a clade forum in
which i play too love over the standard
one because rawness was really good
after playing seal answer I realized how
good god she is i SPECT it's like one of
the cars that made marks really
again touch the frog engine and I just
want play too so I can use it to its
full list in the standard doubletree
barn OT first and then you have to run
this because it makes all your monarch
some plus instead of wasting advantage
to stack your monarchs in traps triple
battle fader this is so good because it
gives you an extra chili for lab and if
you have a really bad hand you can use
this you're gonna get at reborn somehow
um and then it just lets you take no
damage or so really good against some
decks like Sam's and varieties um-hum
Gore's got to run it that's it for the
hand traps I'll play Baylor because I
feel like what this deck needs is
consistency and failure is not doing it
say again statement so SPO cards food
reality I'll play this first game
because it's really necessary to win
your first game what you have to win
your first game with this deck when you
don't have to but you have to try super
hard game 2 in 3 because there's always
some side for this deck because there's
a lot of side that you can sign in for
this deck so I side these out Game two
and three because you need to draw your
side more the counter side and then just
game one you really have to get to your
swap frog in your marks so a triple
enemy controller this you is so broken
with treeborne and brain controlling
standby phase and you can just take
their pls and then attack with it and
then tribute it you can take the utopia
and overlay utopia ray it's just really
broken card to soul exchange I'll play
this tattoo because I felt three might
be a little too bad sometimes I'm going
to add a third one
but it just gives you after things like
fossil dyna and underlying things like
that I let you get rid of their big
fields with pious um book a moon this is
going in for the third soul exchange
that I don't have right now book the
best thing I can do with it was chained
it to something lad after them today
because it can't get a second card a
chain and they get all of its attack
again that was pretty much it but it
doesn't really do enough for this deck
to keep running it is still good car
though staples triple m st you have to
play three and the stag backers like
this Jack's worst nightmare so heavy
dark hole move on to standard staples
heavy blow with anger cold by then
you're going yeah so this was the budget
voter for April 2012 feel free to leave
a comment what you thought the deck
subscribe thumbs up and yeah this was
your ox i7 by YouTube